mTLS+SASL support on AWS (#362)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/security/pages/cloud-authentication.adoc

which authenticates and connects against the control plane over a single TLS 1.2
encrypted TCP connection.

Different Redpanda APIs support different authentication methods. For AWS and GCP, you can simultaneously enable mTLS and SASL for Kafka API, and mTLS and Basic authentication for the HTTP APIs (HTTP Proxy and Schema Registry). If you enable both mTLS and SASL, Redpanda creates two distinct listeners: an mTLS listener operating on one port and a SASL listener operating on a different port.

.Redpanda APIs authentication methods
[%collapsible]
|===
|Cloud provider |API |Supported authentication methods

.3+a|AWS

> See <<enable-mtls-and-sasl,Enable mTLS and SASL>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See <<enable-mtls-and-sasl,Enable mTLS and SASL>>
```

|`<cluster-id>`
|ID of the Redpanda cluster.

|`<cloud-provider>`

> |Cloud provider for the cluster (`CLOUD_PROVIDER_AWS` or `CLOUD_PROVIDER_GCP`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Cloud provider for the cluster (`CLOUD_PROVIDER_AWS` or `CLOUD_PROVIDER_GCP`)
```

Author: Will keep periods for consistency across table and page

=== Enable mTLS and SASL

> NOTE: Enabling mTLS and SASL simultaneously is available for AWS and GCP clusters only. To unlock this feature for your account, contact your Customer Success Manager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can enable mTLS and SASL simultaneously for AWS and GCP clusters only. To unlock this feature for your account, contact your Customer Success Manager.
```
